How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
Viewing the full version of the files side to side would have been a pain and a lot of work.
So, being able to see only the differences, the edited parts, allows for a much faster work flow.
It's easy, fast and effective.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
As you progress in your work, you might have some bugs with your code.
Maybe the last time you ran the program it worked perfectly fine and now it's not working.
Having acces to the entire history of a file could help you go back and see what mistakes you made or go back to change things to make them work in a better way.
Also, having all the version could help you be able to extract a basic template file so you can work on an alternate version of the file.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
You might forget to commint after a substancial change in the file or commit to quick.
You would't have as much control on the commit messages and things you think are worth commiting.
If it's automatic you may not be to concsious on the changes and commmits youre making.
If its's automatic you can just focus on the file and not on saving every now and then.
Not worrying weather your file was saved and commited if your computer crashes.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
Because while working with code, it's highly probable that you will be working with multiple inter-related documents like HTML5 and CSS, so it makes sense that this changes are saved and commited at the same time.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
Git log is useful to see al the commits ever made in the repository.
Git diff lets you compare the changes between each commit.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
It makes it really easy to move around the commit versions of the files and see what thing you might have deleted or written wrong in a fast way.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I want to use if for a job I'm working at developing a web app that's going to be a bit complex and is going to require future collaboration.
Git will be the best tool for me because it will allow them to be able to see and fix previous versions of my files and work on them.